=head1 NAME

Linux::Statm::Tiny - simple access to Linux /proc/../statm

=head1 VERSION

0.0400

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Linux::Statm::Tiny;

  my $stats = Linux::Statm::Tiny->new( pid => $$ );

  my $size = $stats->size;

=head1 INSTALLATION

See
L<How to install CPAN modules|http://www.cpan.org/modules/INSTALL.html>.

=head2 Required Modules

This distribution requires Perl v5.8.8.

This distribution requires the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Moo>

=item * L<MooX::Aliases>

=item * L<namespace::sweep>

=item * L<Types::Standard>

=back

=head1 RECENT CHANGES

=head2 Documentation

=over 4

=item * 

Improved POD so that it's clear that vsz and rss are aliases.

=back

=head2 Enhancements

=over 4

=item * 

vsz and rss and *_pages attributes are explicitly defined as aliases.

=item * 

dist.ini modified to use AutoPrereqs and add better metadata to the distribution.

=item * 

Removed use of common::sense in the tests.

=item * 

Added mb aliases, e.g. "size_mb".

=item * 

The kb and mb aliases use the ceil function to round values up.

=item * 

Added refresh method to refresh values.

=back

=head2 Other Changes

=over 4

=item * 

Added tests for pages alias.

=back

See the F<Changes> file for a longer revision history.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class returns the Linux memory stats from F</proc/$pid/statm>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<proc(5)>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert Rothenberg C<< rrwo@thermeon.com >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2014-2015, Thermeon Worldwide, PLC.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

